Hello.
This is the question for exercise 99. For this exercise
please create a program that asks the user to submit text through a web app.
Anyway I did go a bit too far here.
So this is quite difficult to do if you are not familiar with building web applications,
but anyway you can see the solution in the next video where I explain to you the code and maybe you'll
understand how the web applications are built.
And we're building this with a Fask web framework.
So a Python library. Let me demonstrate you the web application. I simply run the script.
That means the application is running and I can access it in this address.
So port five thousand you can write down that address or you can do localhost5000. It's the
same thing.
And this is the web application.
What this will do is let me submit some text there. Line 1 for instance, submit. That creates a text
file, a text file yes, locally.
So in this folder where the Python script is.
And then the next time when you add more lines there, line 2, line 2 is added in that existing text file
and so on.
That's the web application.
So I hope you solve this, but if you cannot then just the go and learn Flask in the next video.
Talk to you there.